Phases of the Moon App


1. The user can see the current moon phase and get information about it in the main activity.

1a. As a user, I can see the image of the moon's current phase
1b. As a user, I can see the current date
1c. As a user, I can see the name of the current moon phase
1d. As a user, I can see the percentage that the moon is illuminated
1e. As a user, I can see the distance from Earth in kilometers
1f. As a user, I can see the age of the current moon
1g. As a user, I can see the times it rises and sets
1h. As a user, I can see the zodiac sign associated with the current moon phase


2. The user can see the moon phases of various dates.

2a. As a user, by swiping my finger to the left on the image of the moon, I can swipe through all the upcoming moon phases, displayed along with their corresponding dates
2b. As a user, by swiping my finger to the right on the image of the moon, I can see the moon phase progression moving backward in time, along with their corresponding dates
2c. As a user, upon selecting the "Start Rotating" feature from the "More" menu, I can see an animation of the moon going through all of its cycles along with the associated information listed in test case 1.
2d. As a user, upon selecting the calendar icon, I can select any date, which will then display the moon phase image and corresponding information for that date
2e. As a user, upon selecting the "Next Full Moon" feature from the "More" menu, I can see the moon phase image, date, and corresponding information of the next upcoming full moon
2f. As a user, upon selecting the "Next New Moon" feature from the "More" menu, I can see the moon phase image, date, and corresponding information of the next new moon.
2g. As a user, upon selecting the "Monthly" feature from the "More" menu, I can see a calendar with each day showing a small image of the moon phase for on that date, along with its zodiac sign and when it is FULL or NEW


3. The user can access information about the phases of the moon outside of the app.

3a. As a user, I can use the "Share" feature to send moon phase data from the whichever phase/date is currently displayed to other users via Text Message, Bluetooth, Gmail, etc.
3b. As a user, I can use the "Share" feature to post moon phase data from the whichever phase/date is currently displayed to Social Media apps currently insalled on my device, including Twitter, Instagram, Facebook, Tumblr, Snapchat, etc.
3c. As a user, I can set my phone background to an animation of the current moon phase with the stars slightly moving in the background. I can opt to display the current phase name as well as adjust the size of the moon, and its position on the screen.
3d-f.As a user,    I could try to break down those first two some more to fill out all 6 conditionals but that's basically all the app can do as far as exporting information is concerned...
